[Form] [Form Theme] customize choice entry (#15921)
symfony/symfony-docs: form/form_themes.rst

        {# the field of TaskType #}
    {% endblock %}

> Access data in a Form Choice

Reviewer: This section here is breaking the flow of this form themes page IMHO.
Maybe we should have it at the end of the [ChoiceType reference page](https://symfony.com/doc/current/reference/forms/types/choice.html#field-variables) with a link from here?

.............................

> When you have a ChoiceType or an EntityType, and you want to customize the ``entry``, row or widget, you can also retrieve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use an expanded ``ChoiceType`` and need to customize the children ``entry`` blocks, 
```
Then `EntityType` and other children (i.e. `LocaleType`) could have a link to this section and we could also link back to the `entry` section of form themes.

> the data of the choice, but not directly in the ``form.vars.data`` of the child. See an exemple::

Reviewer: We could improve this sentence altogether by defining what is actually the entry data, before suggesting to use `form.parent.vars.choices`, here's a possible alternative:
```rst
When you use an expanded ``ChoiceType`` and need to customize the children ``entry`` blocks,
the ``form.vars`` of entries (radio button or checkbox) may not be enough since each holds a
boolean value meaning whether a choice is selected or not.
To get the full list of choices data and values, you will need to access the ``choices`` variable
from their parent form (the ``ChoiceType`` itself) with ``form.parent.vars.choices``:
```

>     class TaskManagerType extends AbstractType

Reviewer: By moving this section as suggested above, adding one more PHP example should not be necessary in that context, a reference to https://symfony.com/doc/4.4/reference/forms/types/choice.html#advanced-example-with-objects could be enough as it is also used to illustrate most of the options in that page.

    {
        public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options = []): void
        {
            // $tasks = [
            //     new Task('one', 'blue', 'open'),  // id: 1
            //     new Task('two', 'red', 'closed'), // id: 2
            // ];

            $builder->add('taskLists', EntityType::class, [
                'class' => Task::class,
                'multiple' => true,
                'expanded' => true,
                'choice_label' => function (Task $task) {
                    return $task->getName();
                }
            ]);
        }
    }

> Now we want to display each checkbox inside a table element. The entity is not accessible in ``form.vars.value`` nor ``form.vars.data``.

Reviewer: Another alternative for the following paragraphs could be:
```rst
Given the advanced object example, each entry would have access to the following variables:

.. code-block:: html+twig

    {# `true` or `false`, whether the current choice is selected as radio or checkbox #}
    {{ form.vars.data }}

    {# the current choice value (i.e a category name when `'choice_value' => 'name'` #}
    {{ form.vars.value }}

    {# a map of `ChoiceView` or `ChoiceGroupView` instances indexed by choice values or group names #}
    {{ form.parent.vars.choices }}
```
